I'm from Boulder, Colorado. I've been living in Japan for the past two years. I've been working real hard at learning Japanese and Chinese for awhile now. About a year ago, I started solving (small) problems with computer languages and have been hooked since. DBC is my way of turning what I love into meaningful (and paying!) work. I'll be moving to SF this January with my wife. I imagine DBC will be a life-changing experience.

Eno Compton

I grew up in San Jose, have lived in the SOMA district of San Francisco for the last 7 years, but recently moved to Reno, Nevada this past August.  While in SF, I worked at tech start ups as a technical trainer at first, next as an Account Manager, then as a Product Manager, and it became clear the next step for me would be Software Development.  On the side, I have been asked to build wedding websites subsequent to having been asked to be a Bridesmaid six times over.  My interest in building government apps for Granicus lead me to apply to DBC.  I was accepted and attended DBC's summer cohort for four weeks as a complete n00b, only to defer to this cohort so I could better prepare myself for what lies ahead.

Khara Mandreza

I'm originally from northern IL, have been living in St. Louis for the last 8 years. I've most recently been working in commercial real estate on the retail site selection / GIS mapping side of things, as well as helping out in marketing and project management - I have a tendency to be a jack of many trades. I started codecademy's Code Year in the spring of 2012 and was hooked pretty much instantly on being able to build interactive web stuff and solve problems with tidy logic. I love learning and I love creating things. I'm also interested in maps and data visualizations, along with ed tech, hacking urban planning, eh, many many things. 

Sarah Bland

I'm originally from the SF Bay Area and just relocated back to SF (with my wife Kathy and our dog Lucy) in October after a 3-year stint in NYC/Philly.  I've spent the last 8 years working in finance/private equity and was most recently at a firm focused on investing in consumer products companies (i.e. marathon/triathlon operator, women's denim brand, restaurants).  Thoughts about changing careers began percolating after I found myself spending a lot of time at work on codecademy and the other familiar names and faces of online learning.  As far as interests are concerned, exploring the intersection of technology and food to find ways to help people eat smarter and address some of the issues with our food system is probably at the top of the list, but there are a number of other spaces that get me pretty excited as well.

Justin Silverman

I was born in Anaheim and still have family in southern California, but I grew up in central Texas. Several years after undergrad I went to law school, and have been practicing criminal defense for a few years. It's pretty interesting and I like it, but my passion has always been for things in the tech industry. About two years ago I really started considering switching careers when I realized law was just a day-job for me, and the only other career that made sense to me was becoming a programmer so that I could create the things that I was already passionate about. I tried getting started on Codecademy and Treehouse several times, but between family and work, I could never do it consistently enough to really make any headway.

Park Silkenson

I am from Madrid, Spain, where I went to med school. After finishing med school, I went to Miami and did an internship in Liver Transplant surgery. Then I came back to Spain and got a specialist in the field of Ophthalmology. During my training in Opthalmology, I decided to do an MBA. At the same time, I co-founded a couple of companies (the first one was an export/import company between Spain and China; the second one was a copy of www.fab.com in the Spanish market). Those companies didn't work. To make the long story short I got bored of my daily MD routine, I tried programming, got hooked up and  here I am, preparing the moving from Madrid to San Francisco.

Omar Rayward

I am from Silver Spring, Maryland.  I worked at a camp in Salisbury, Vermont for four summers while attending the College of Wooster.
I applied to DBC because I have been working in dead-end jobs since I finished college.  I do not like working in dead-end jobs.  The acceptance email was a pleasant surprise, as I thought I blew the interviews.  I see DBC as an opportunity to learn to build cool things and to possibly move up in the world.  Codeschool and codecademy have been great for learning, but I have grown tired of learning alone.  I tried going the university course route, but I left after the second lecture.  It was not worth my time or money to hear a professor read a Powerpoint presentation for three hours per week.

Matthew 'Not Matt' Hague

I am from Pittsburgh, PA. I have worked in the Washington, DC metro area for the last nine or so years, first as a rocket scientist and more recently in management consulting. Most of the consulting work I did was data driven and at some point working in Excel became a limitation so I started to pick up programming as a means to scrape, parse, clean, and analyze datasets. At some point I realized I would rather actually solve problems than just advise people on how to solve their problems. The disastrous acquisition of the consulting firm I worked for by IBM was the final push I needed to make a career change. I was very excited to hear about DBC and began working on the application on the day I heard about it (is there an echo in here?).

Ryan Moser

I grew up the east bay area and traveled down south to attend college in Los Angeles after high school. I took a few computer science classes in college, but was unfortunately turned away from the field due to bad professors and extremely boring projects. I ended up graduating with a degree in Biomedical engineering and moved back up to the bay area to take a job at a small medical device start up, where I've been working for a little over a year helping to develop a handheld point-of-care blood diagnostic system. I was reintroduced to programming at my current job when I was given the task of making a prototype Android app to be used by the marketing department. For the first time in my life, I actually enjoyed a programming project. This exercise spawned lots of online research, programming tutorials, and I eventually came across dev bootcamp and submitted an application. I'm interested in health and fitness, and hope to continue to follow the booming field of digital health. I also produce electronic music in my bedroom studio and love learning about and listening to new music.

Ryan Loomba

I’m from Berlin / Germany. I graduated in economics and was working in development aid for about 2 years (especially microfinance). Afterwards I founded my own nonprofit startup called helpedia.de. Since I wasn’t able to make it financially viable (good intentions don’t pay the rent) I joined another one called betterplace.org. That is where I’m currently working as a project manager / product manager. After “dabbling” with code for some time in order to be able to implement my “great” ideas I decided it’s time to get serious.

Basti Schweiker

I live in Oakland with my girlfriend, Maggie and dog, Neko.  I'm from upstate NY originally but have been splitting time between Colorado and California for the past 12 years or so.  My background is in atmospheric science, and I currently work as a consultant to entities seeking or offering sustainable product certifications.  (Think low VOC paints, sustainably harvested resources, socially responsible manufacturing practices, etc). I applied to DBC because I believe applications will serve an increasingly important role in solving environmental and social problems and I want to help with this effort.  Also, I enjoy math, logic, and problem solving.  This led me to believe I would enjoy writing code as a full-time job.

Brooks Mason

I live with my wife Robin and our 3 two-month old sons (yes, triplets).  We recently spent several months in India getting in-vitro fertilization, and after three attempts, we were successful (a bit more successful than either of us had anticipated!).  I really enjoy how coding engages my mind. I've been working for many years in offices doing everything computer EXCEPT programming - I've been an executive assistant, customer service rep, editor, program manager, website administrator and helped people run their businesses.  I'm getting into DBC to be able to take things to the next level in my career, to do more satisfying and fulfilling work, and to be able to better take care of my new family for years to come.

Gary Bearman

I currently live with my parents in Baltimore.  I graduated from college in 2011 and taught for Chicago Public Schools for a year before making the jump to programming. Outside of coding, I enjoy running, biking, cooking, and solving logic problems.

Brayden Cleary

I'm from Marin, about thirty minutes north of SF. I graduated from UCLA, where I created an individual major about the Internet called Digital Democracy. I've spent the past couple years building two startups:  Revel, an iPad POS, and Xola, an outdoor adventure marketplace. I was the third member on both teams, so I've seen what it takes to turn an idea into a company. I am doing DBC because I need to build products myself. The second reason why I need to learn code is because I am very passionate about Internet policy, and the world already has enough people who don't understand technology creating legislation to 'control' it. I believe the Internet's potential to change our world exists on a magnitude comparable only to language itself.

Alyssa Ravasio

I'm Nigel and I'm currently in Singapore. I grew up in Singapore, went to the States for college and after I graduated, I went over to Japan to work. I was involved in the hospitality industry for awhile then moved into medical marketing, I was in Tokyo until 2011, after which I moved back to Singapore. At my last job, I was put in charge of data operations which was overwhelming at first because I had zero IT background but as I picked it up, I found it challenging and enjoyable. When I saw DBC on techcrunch, I knew I had to get into the course, and was stoked when I did. In my spare time, I like to find good food to eat, snowboard (as I just picked it up in recent years) and illustrate.

Nigel Nak

I'm from Gainesville, Florida, and I'm a Gator. I've worked for the University of Florida for the past three years as an audiovisual manager for the student union. I don't have any real world experience in programming, but I love learning and find the field fascinating. PS I'm not sure of how widespread our reputation is, but I swear I'm not one of those super obnoxious mega-Gator-fans, spewing orange and blue at every turn.

Mary Lee
